C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.exe
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.pdb
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.pdb
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.xml
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.pdb
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.xml
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.pdb
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\order.db
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.exe
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.pdb
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.WindowsForms.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\SQLite.NET.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.WindowsForms.pdb
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.WindowsForms.xml
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.Form1.resources
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrCert.resources
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrClient.resources
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrCons.resources
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.exe.config
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\mysql.data.entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrWorkType.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders2\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrSource.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.pdb
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.xml
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.pdb
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.xml
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.pdb
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.exe.config
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.exe.manifest
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.application
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.exe
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\Orders.pdb
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\SQLite.NET.dll
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrAddClient.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.Form1.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrCerts.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrClient.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrCons.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrConsType.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrEvents.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrSource.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.FrWorkType.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.exe.manifest
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.application
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.exe
c:\Users\qzavyer\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Orders\Orders\obj\x86\Debug\Orders.pdb
